Entity XML lookup overhaul + Dynamic parameter support (#262)
Basement-Renovator/Basement-Renovator: NicheFeatures.md

Sometimes you'd like to keep an entity filter active while selecting new entities to paint for the current room. Ctrl+Click the entity you'd like to paint and the current entity filter will not change.
You can also invert the normal behavior by toggling Edit > Pin Entity Filter.

> #### Place Multiple Entities With Matching Attributes
> Sometimes it's desirable to place an entity with all the same attributes of another. Selecting an entity in-room that matches the one you have selected in the palette will do this automatically!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Place Multiple Entities With Matching Attributes
Sometimes it's desirable to place a pre-configured entity multiple times. This can be done via copy-paste, or more conveniently by selecting an in-room entity that matches the palette while painting. The painted entity will have the same attributes as the selected one.
```
